fix file binary read params (#374)
KxSystems/docs: docs/ref/file-binary.md

Where 

-   `x` is a 2-item list (a string of [types](#column-types-and-widths) and an int vector of widths) of which the order determines whether the data is parsed as little-endian or big-endian
-   `y` is either a

>     -   [file descriptor](../basics/glossary.md#file-descriptor) to repeatidly read all available records (specified by 'x') from a file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   [file descriptor](../basics/glossary.md#file-descriptor) to repeatedly read all available records (specified by `x`) from a file
```

>     -   3 element list containing [file descriptor](../basics/glossary.md#file-descriptor), offset (long) and length (long). Enables repeatidly reading all available records (specified by 'x') from a file which stops after the given byte length, starting 'offset' bytes from the start of the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   3 element list containing [file descriptor](../basics/glossary.md#file-descriptor), offset (long) and length (long). Enables repeatedly reading all available records (specified by `x`) from a file which stops after the given byte length, starting 'offset' bytes from the start of the file.
```
